Update DB Static role rotation logic to generate new password if retried password fails (#28989)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/28989.txt

```release-note:bug

> secret/db: Update static role rotation to generate new password if retried password fails.

Reviewer: Suggest being more explicit in our description of the change
```suggestion
secret/db: Update static role rotation to generate a new password after 2 failed attempts.
```

Author: Updated
